Write a class that implements a Union-Find (Disjoint Set Union) data structure
with path compression and union by rank optimization.

Your class must be declared as follows:

class UnionFind:
    def __init__(self, n: int):
    def find(self, x: int) -> int:
    def union(self, x: int, y: int) -> bool:
    def connected(self, x: int, y: int) -> bool:

The class should:
- Initialize n elements (0 to n-1) where each element is its own set
- find(x): Return the representative (root) of the set containing x
- union(x, y): Merge the sets containing x and y, return True if merged, False if already in same set
- connected(x, y): Return True if x and y are in the same set
- Implement path compression in find() for optimization
- Implement union by rank for balanced trees

Examples:

uf = UnionFind(5)
uf.connected(0, 1)    # Returns False
uf.union(0, 1)        # Returns True (merged)
uf.connected(0, 1)    # Returns True
uf.union(1, 2)        # Returns True (merged)
uf.connected(0, 2)    # Returns True
uf.union(0, 1)        # Returns False (already connected)
uf.find(2)            # Returns root of set containing 2

uf = UnionFind(3)
uf.union(0, 1)        # Returns True
uf.union(1, 2)        # Returns True
uf.connected(0, 2)    # Returns True
uf.find(0) == uf.find(2)  # Returns True


Union-Find data structure

The union-find data structure, also known as disjoint set union (DSU),
is used to keep track of a collection of disjoint (non-overlapping) sets.
It is especially useful in algorithms that need to efficiently manage
connectivity, such as graph algorithms, clustering, and network connectivity
problems. Each element belongs to exactly one set, and each set is
represented by a root element.

The data structure supports three main operations:

find(x)
The find operation returns the representative (or root) of the set
containing element x. With path compression, the operation is optimized
by making every node visited during the search point directly to the root.
This flattens the structure of the tree over time, significantly reducing
the cost of future find operations.

union(x, y)
The union operation merges the two sets containing elements x and y. When
using union by rank, each root maintains a rank that approximates the height
(or size) of its tree. The root with the smaller rank is attached under the
root with the larger rank, which helps keep the trees shallow. If both roots
have the same rank, one becomes the parent of the other and its rank is
increased by one.

connected(x, y)
The connected operation checks whether two elements belong to the same set.
It is typically implemented by comparing the results of find(x) and find(y).
If both elements have the same root, they are in the same set.